# Meeting Minutes
## Meeting Information
**Meeting Date/Time:** 1 May 21, 1:00pm 
**Meeting Purpose:** Wire-framing 
**Meeting Location:** https://ucsd.zoom.us/j/5871983221
**Note Taker:** Issac Garcia

## Attendees
**People who attended:**
- Jesse Wolf
- Steven Nguyen
- Kevin Wong
- Grady Gabriel
- Issac Garcia
- Angel Hernandez-Llamas 
- Brian Wong
- Simon Liu

**Facilitator:**
- N/A
---

## Agenda Items

#### Old Business
- Low-fidelity design discussion. 

#### New Business
- High-fidelity design
- Pitch Development

---

## Discussion Items

**Summary:** \
&nbsp; &nbsp; Meeting began with greetings between all team members. The topic for this session was **Pitch Development**. All team members were asked to come prepared to this meeting to discuss how we should go about writing the Pitch report. **Jesse Wolf** and **Brian Wong** gave the team a start by giving a brief overview on what they read on the *Basecamp* reading as well as offered their insight on such reading. More features and their feasibility of implementation were also discussed in this meeting while the report was being formulated commutatively through a Google Docs document. 

## Flow:
 - Meeting being by **Brian Wong** and **Jesse Wolf** offering all team members a brief overview on the *Basecamp* reading as well as giving their insight on what should be part of our report. 
   - **Jesse Wolf** suggested that the team should adhere to the *template* given on the *Basecamp* reading since most of the things that are in there have already been discussed as a team.
 - The meeting proceeded and all team members engaged in a discussion on what features are going to be part of the design in order to place them in the report.
   - Agreed that feedback might be required by Professor of Deepak (TA)
 - The meeting then took a turn to look at important *Rabbit Holes* that we might encounter with such of the features that we had initially added to our low-fidelity wire-frame in order to include those in our report.
 - In addition to the *Rabbit Holes*, the team also discussed on which features were going to be our *No-Goes* also to be adhered to the document. 
 - All of this information was captures in a team's Google Docs document.
 - The rest of the meeting consisted on discussion amongst all team members on which features might be *Rabbit Holes* and which would be *No-Goes*. 
 - Finally it was agreed that the low-fidelity wire-frame explanations for development was to be completed asynchronously and further discussed on next meeting. 
---

## Pitch Development (Compiled as Team):
5 Ingredients that we want to include in a pitch:
- Problem - The raw idea, a use case, or something we’ve seen that motivates us to work on this.
- Appetite - How much time we want to spend and how that constrains the solution
- Solution - The core elements we came up with, presented in a form that’s easy for people to immediately understand.
- Rabbit Holes - Details about the solution worth calling out to avoid problems
- No-gos - Anything specifically excluded from the concept: functionality or use cases we intentionally aren’t covering to fit the appetite or make the problem tractable.

Per Our Assignment:
- The main effort here is that you should clearly aim to articulate risks, rabbit holes, and have a clear definition of what you are going to do in the form of wireframes. 
- The pitch document should contain the topics of risks and rabbit holes as well as a visual representation of what you are doing in the form of system diagrams and wireframes.
- Statement of Purpose (#1 From above)
- Section on User Personas
---
 
## Statement of Purpose: 
We want to provide a tool that allows users to organize their lives by focusing on daily activities while providing tracking of monthly and yearly goals as well. We want our tool to be functional and quick to use. 

## User Personas:
- The practical person over the creative. Someone who likes a functional/practical approach.
- Chad, a person who wants everything digital over physical but still wants mostly the same product.
- Journal Skeptic, someone who doesn’t like wasting time writing out all of their thoughts on pages and pages.

## Appetite:
Given that we only have 5 more weeks to develop this app and our sprint schedule is yet to be determined we understand that there are certain things that can’t be included such as: 

## Rabbit Holes:
- **Monthly and Yearly Calendar**:
Our calendar has a box for each day within the month and will show only a preview not all of the points. 
- No dragging and dropping days around.
- Search Bar Functionality
- Recent, Reminders, and Tags within the search bar. 
- Only search by tags and not any word put in by the user. Ex: Books, Recipes, etc.
- Storage
- There are many different ways for us to store the user’s data, but each one has its own pros and cons. 
- From the brief research that we’ve done, we could use a fully fledged database, but that has issues regarding privacy concerns and being a little bit overkill for our needs. Another issue with this approach would be sourcing this database. If possible we would prefer to avoid paying a subscription, but free databases do not appear to have much storage capacity.
- Another possibility would be to store user data in a json file locally. A few issues with this is:
- Lack or portability
- Possibility for desync
- Relies heavily on the user to work probably
- Goes against our purpose and the users we are trying to attract.


## No-Gos:
- Not many options for customization, we decided to keep it simple and allow users to choose between a few different color schemes and fonts. This will allow us to focus on the core functionality rather than adding a lot of customization. By limiting the amount of customization options we want to nudge our users to not think about the customization and rather focus more on their journal.
- Videos/Recordings, we decided that we would want everything to be visible from the start, If we were to add videos and recordings, the user would have to parse through the recordings. By limiting everything to text, and images, anyone who views the bullet journal would be able to immediately see everything.


## Potential Technical Problems and Some Solutions:
- Search bar
- Depending on the implementation of storage and amount of content, we might have issues grabbing the correct search results in a timely manner.
- We need the boundaries of the search bar. For instance, should the search bar include elements from journals from months ago?
- To simplify the search process, we could store the elements in the tags in whatever storage method we end up using. So instead of searching through all the days, we could have a dedicated portion of the file for each tag. These sections will contain all the elements that feature that particular tag. This could speed up the process of searching for elements with the correct tag. One downside with this solution would be that it requires storing more information.
- Quote generator (probably an api)
- Generating our own list of quotes is not practical. As such, we are likely to look for an api or some database that contains a list of suitable quotes. However, another issue that could arise is that the quotes may be too large and may not fit the designated area. Not only this, it may distract the user too much from the main content of our app.
- Notifications
- Sending notifications to the user may be difficult in that users may use a variety of browsers and operating systems that may end up complicating the issue.
- Storage (Saving/Loading)
- If we go with a json file, the file structure might become a little complex. Another issue with this approach is that it requires the user to not misplace this file. Once again, we do not want the user to lose all their data so easily. There arises another concern regarding the frequency of saving the file automatically, or whether it is going to be automatic.
- The other avenue we could take to solve our storage problem is utilizing a database. However, issues regarding setup and learning how to manage a database is concerning considering our tight time constraints.

## Additional Notes:
Statement of Purpose
- User Personas
- C4 - Jesse
- Potential Technical Problems - Brian
- Finishing the storage rabbit-hole description - Brian
- Add the + icon for weekly/monthly goals

- Do your daily standup
- Do top level C4 diagram
---

## Ending remarks:
- All team members complete their part by 6:00pm of the following day.
- Brian and Kevin work on the high-fidelity design.
  - Ask for help if needed (Members will be available for you).
--- 

## Other Notes & Information
N/A

**Time Ended:** 2:43pm