# Meeting Minutes
## Meeting Information
**Meeting Date/Time:** 5 May 21, 6:00pm 
**Meeting Purpose:** Housekeeping 
**Meeting Location:** https://ucsd.zoom.us/j/5871983221
**Note Taker:** Issac Garcia

## Attendees
**People who attended:**
- Jesse Wolf
- Steven Nguyen
- Kevin Wong
- Grady Gabriel
- Issac Garcia
- Angel Hernandez-Llamas 
- Brian Wong
- Simon Liu

**Facilitator:**
- Jesse Wolf
---

## Agenda Items

#### Old Business
- Modifications to our BuJo
- Deepak's feedback
- Professor's feedback

#### New Business
- New additions/modifications to our BuJo
- Feedback recap
- Re-visting roles

---

## Discussion Items

**Summary:** \
&nbsp; &nbsp; Meeting began with greetings between all team members. The topic for this session was **Housekeeping**. This meeting was more of an informative one. The facilitator **Jesse Wolf**, prepared a PowerPoint presentation for the team to re-visit roles and actually define each one and assign each role officially. Then, the focus of the meeting would shift to recap on the feedback received from Deepak (TA) and professor Powell. We would utilize *Figma* to further point out the modifications to be made for our design. 


## Flow:
 - Re-visit roles: The meeting started with **Jesse Wolf** our facilitator for this meeting preparing a PowerPoint presentation for the team in an attempt to formally define the roles for each team member. Although most team members had fallen into place into their roles some required to be formally assigned. Once all team members were assigned, the team moved forwards to get in agreement on what the etiquette for pull requests should be on GitHub.
- Pull Request Etiquette: **Jesse Wolf** presented all team members with two instances.
  - One was that when an individual from our group does a pull request, they will assign the reviewer, then the reviewer would approve it, and have the individual requesting the pull (once it is reviewed and approved), merge it into the main repository.
  - The other option was having an individual perform the pull request and the reviewer, review the request and also merge such request into the main repository.
  - After some discussion it was agreed by all members that there should be at least two reviewers for important instances and one reviewer for simple/minor changes. The last reviewer will merge the request onto the main repository.
- After the Pull Request agreement, the meeting shifted to setting up a job board or something similar. Some of the proposals included:
  - Issues on GitHub (Assign yourself)
  - Asynch solutions
  - Specifically would need comments
  - It was agreed that such job board will be taken care of in GitHub through issues. 
- After the job board definition, the meeting proceeded to check on which time would be the most adequate for all team members on Wednesdays.
  - A poll will be done to determine the best time for all team members to meet on said day.
- In addition to the time, our planner **Jesse Wolf** wanted to check what all team members wanted for as a ping for future meetings:
  - All members agreed that **one** reminder 10-15 minutes before a meeting should suffice.
- Professor's feedback: The last part/segment of the meeting consisted on going over all of the points that the professor gave to the team members that attended his Office Hours to ask about the high-fidelity design.
  -  *Figma* was utilized to point out some evident changes.
  -  Discussion among all members resumed on how to polish the design given such feedback.
- Meeting concludes.

---

## Role Re-Definition
- Planner / GitHub: Jesse Wolf
   - GitHub: Simon
   - Manager: Brian Wong
   - Documentation / Branding: Issac Garcia
   - Developers: All other team members

## Additional Notes:
- N/A
---

## Ending remarks:
- Most team members will take a break from design and resume tomorrow.
- Some team members will continue working on CodePens.
--- 

## Other Notes & Information
N/A

**Time Ended:** 6:05pm