# TA Check In Meeting Minutes
## Meeting Information
**Meeting Date/Time:** 11 May 2021, 5:30pm  
**Meeting Purpose:** Check in with Deepak (TA)  
**Meeting Location:** https://ucsd.zoom.us/j/97927708709?pwd=NEhNV09WdHpjV1pzckZ6UHNGT3ZIQT09  
**Note Taker:** Jesse Wolf  

## Attendees
People who attended:
- Jesse Wolf
- Angel Hernandez-Llamas
- Kevin Wong
- Simon Liu
- Brian Wong
- Steven Nguyen
- Grady Gabriel

--- 

## Deepak:
- Deepak: Did we think about the whole shortcuts thing? 
  - Brian: Yes we thought about it and think that it will be super helpful especially for navigation and for searching so we will most likely be trying to implement something along those lines. 
- Deepak: Any oni type bar like on the mac would be super useful.
- Deepak: Nothing really specific to add for the hifi.

- Suggest that we start coding the application now. There are two ways to go about this.
  - 1) Create a site skeleton and get it on github pages or such.
  - 2) Getting the components independently started. How we are going to implement things such as the tag interface.  
- Nightly builds is important so that no one breaks the build at the end of the day. 
- Suggest getting a simple skeleton website up so that we could add the components in there later.
- Figure out how we are going to handle re-routes via the client side. For us it would probably be different pages. Would we want each day to have it's own page? How will we handle the URL's and stuff? 
- Putting it together will not be as easy as we think. Have some sort of plan on how we will put all the components together. 
- Try not to dwell too long on experimental prototyping. Get something up even if it is raw so that we and Deepak can mess around with it. 
- Think about the whole picture. Don't dwell too long on the minute details right now since we should get it all built and together before polishing it completely. 
- Try to get something browsable by the end of the week at least the skeleton with some stubs. 


## Questions: 

Jesse: Are there any code quality tools that you recommend? We have looked at the few metioned in class but they are not free for non public repos. 
- Deepak:Code Quality? Don't really worry about it right now since we don't have any code to be checking. See what Codacy does by default. Robert Wakefield had some tools for code quality and Deepak will find out more about them and let us know. 
    
Jesse: I ran into a Global Variable Not Found problem when linting? I found a workaround but is there a better way to do it?
- Deepak: Within ESLint there is a way to ignore certain tests for specific variables or functions. Just need to look up the syntax on your own.


## This Week's Tasks:

- Jesse: Work on Github CI/CD pipeline and linting with Simon. 
- Steven: Work on Monthly/Weekly goals board this week.
- Angel: Work on web component for how we will be adding tags.  
- Simon: Work on Github CI/CD pipeline and linting with Jesse.
- Brian: Work on the nav bar right now. 
- Kevin: Work on the skeleton. 
- Grady: Going to get his codepen stuff into components first and then help Kevin with the skeleton. 

--- 

**Time Ended:** 6:12pm