# Meeting Minutes
## Meeting Information
**Meeting Date/Time:** 19 May 21, 5:00pm 
**Meeting Purpose:** Sprint 2 Planning 
**Meeting Location:** https://ucsd.zoom.us/j/5871983221
**Note Taker:** Issac Garcia

## Attendees
**People who attended:**
- Jesse Wolf
- Grady Gabriel
- Angel Hernandez-Llamas
- Kevin Wong
- Brian Wong
- Issac Garcia
- Simon Liu

**Facilitator:**
- Brian Wong
- Jesse Wolf
---

## Agenda Items
- Project Boards
- Communication action items
  - Adding more comments into the GitHub issues each day to keep the team informed of progress.
  - Meetup channel.
- GitHub structure refactoring.
  - Branch protections
  - Auto-merge
- Linting Setup walk along.
- Catchup up Simon and Issac in their respective roles. Could split up to make it easier.

#### Old Business
- "We are in sync" - Deepak's Input - TA 
- Everything is on path, CI/CD Pipelines
- GitHub logistics

#### New Business
- Two projects:
  - CI/CD Pipelines
  - Bullet Journal

---

## Discussion Items
- Going further into the project:
  - Taking care of CI/CD Pipelines
  - Bullet Journal
    - Aiming to finish the starting page by the end of this week
    - Then focus on the calendar page
    - Discuss storage
    - Discuss text input implementation


## Flow:
Started with our facilitators, Brain and Jesse introducing what needs to be completed for the following week. 

Brian went into the two projects on GitHub:
- CI/CD Pipelines (Jesse and Simon's domain)
- BuJo (All other teammates)

Brian went into BuJo details and explained the interface on the project's issues that need to be taken care of. He gave the whole team an explanation on how to go about navigating the issues/project interface to self-assign as well as to create new issues that must be taken care of. Remember to  

Jesse then went ahead to explain how the team decided to implement the meetup channel when on zoom. Came out from the retrospective session. Then Jesse went ahead to display the structure after refactoring how GitHub was set up. Divisions consist of:
  - Documentation
  - CI/CD Pipelines
  - Prototype / Staging
    - Create an additional working branch to work on certain component
    - Jesse went ahead and demonstrated the team how to make their own working branch (storage branch)
      - Remember to make the branch off 'staging'
    - Got rid of skeleton branch

Brian and Jesse went ahead and let the team know that they got a hold of the wiki. Additionally, explained how no longer individuals can merge with main before being verified. 

- Remember to do testing and documentation!

The last part of the session consisted on Jesse hosting a live tutorial for all group members to set up their VSCode for the feature ESLint in order to prevent individuals from pushing when they have errors in their code. The session consisted in many back and forth interactions to resolve any conflicts when installing and setting up the ESLint extension.

---


## Additional Notes:
- N/A
---

## Ending remarks:
- Discussion on attending to professor's Office Hours
  - Questions about pipeline
- Discussion of Deepak's meeting
- Coding team attend from the coding part
- Set up any additional side meetings
--- 

## Other Notes & Information
N/A

**Time Ended:** 
19 May 21, 6:00pm 
