# TA Check In Meeting Minutes
## Meeting Information
**Meeting Date/Time:** 25 May 2021, 5:30pm  
**Meeting Purpose:** Check in with Deepak (TA)  
**Meeting Location:** https://ucsd.zoom.us/j/97927708709?pwd=NEhNV09WdHpjV1pzckZ6UHNGT3ZIQT09  
**Note Taker:** Jesse Wolf  

## Attendees
People who attended:
- Jesse Wolf
- Angel Hernandez-Llamas
- Brian Wong
- Simon Liu
- Issac Garcia
- Kevin Wong
- Steven Nguyen

--- 

## Deepak:
- Testing would ideally have 100% test coverage. Unit testing and E2E testing (Cypress or Puppeteer). 
- Deepak: Are you stuck anywhere? 
  - Brian: If we use font awesome icons do we need to put the recognition somewhere? 
    - Deepak: If it isn't specified you could just put it in the code somewhere. 
- Deepak: Have you been using story points? 
  - Group 4 used tags to show the difficulty of each task. https://github.com/AlexisChen99/cse110-w21-group4/projects/1 
- Next week at least one or two of you will be busy writing out the documentation for the site.
- It happens quite often that you will realize that certain things are more complicated to implement then you intended. 
- Web component thing, mostly Googling for the error messages can be helpful. 
- Brian: Working with a lot of components it was weird thinking about index rather then the file that you are currently in. 
  - Deepak: I haven't really worked with web components all that much since I go more towards React or modularJS. It would most likely be similar and you will realize that a lot of the patterns of how you modularize certain things and how to split the work amid other components are a repeated problem that can be found in other applications and frameworks. 
- Deepak: Keep working on the tests and get ready to start with the documentation next week. Your UI looks pretty clean so should be good on that front. Could also see Cora again if we want some more feedback for the UI.
- https://frontloops.io/ Is a site that gives you some challenges. Does charge though but according to Deepak it is super useful.
- https://www.frontendmentor.io/challenges Site that Brian used to learn when he started out. 

---

- Deepak left at 6pm.
- We jumped into our Zoom room for a few other things.

---

## Our Discussion: 

- Checked in with everyone to hear status updates. 

- Jesse: Walked through the pipeline and how it effects each person.
- Angel: Working on the Tags still. Waiting on the storage in order to finalize it. Is currently all a web component. Transitioned to VSCode from the code pen. Have the add button and just need to work on the backend of it. 
- Kevin: Working on the text editor with Grady. It mostly works right now but getting it to change the symbol is proving difficult right now.
- Brian: Started to work on storage on Saturday but instead found that he needed to work on a lot of other things before starting on the storage. Got some text editor working as well as a lot of code refactoring. 


- The coders are going to meet briefly tomorrow but our normal weekly meeting doesn't really need to happen this week since we all already have our parts to do.

--- 

**Time Ended:** 6:30pm