# TA Group Showcase In Meeting Minutes
## Meeting Information
**Meeting Date/Time:** 27 May 2021, 5:30pm  
**Meeting Purpose:** Check-in with all of Deepak's Groups  
**Meeting Location:** https://ucsd.zoom.us/j/97232602305?pwd=QnMzUVF5VDdubkxEdWM2NExvcXdCZz09  
**Note Taker:** Jesse Wolf  

## Attendees from Our Group
People who attended:
- Jesse Wolf
- Brian Wong

---

**Team 25**
- Deepak: (In regards to the text editor portion) A simple trick is to have a list of divs and have them listed individually. Whole block would not be content editable but each line would be. You don't have to stick to ul/li semantics since it really wasn't designed for apps.
- Deepak: Consider making the text a bit bigger by one or two sizes. Font should be slightly bigger compared to the bullets. Maybe take the screen size in consideration and change the font size accordingly. 
- Deepak: Figure out how to get Puppeteer and Jest to share test coverage. 
- Deepak: If you have state transitions then you could test those. If we are doing the DOM manipulations ourselves it is hard to do unit tests. 
- Deepak: Doing mostly of the testing within E2E is fine since in the industry that is more of what it leans towards. 

---

#### Overall Advice:
- Deepak: Make sure to have at least a few unit and E2E tests by the beginning of next week. Also make sure that everything runs within a workflow too. 

--- 

**Time Ended:** 6:00pm