# Team Brand Meeting Minutes
## Meeting Information
**Meeting Date/Time:** 14 April 2021, 6pm  
**Meeting Purpose:** Go over Branding, Group Page, Video, and Group Contract
**Meeting Location:** https://ucsd.zoom.us/j/5871983221 
**Note Taker:** Jesse Wolf 

## Attendees
People who attended:
- Jesse Wolf
- Grady Gabriel
- Kevin Wong
- Brian Wong
- Issac Garcia
- Angel Llamas
- Steven Nguyen
- Simon Liu

## Agenda Items

Item | Description
---- | ----
Team Brand | • Team Name Results - Marinated Cuyitos <br>• Colors - Orange and White <br>• Mascot <br>• Adding logo to slack.
Group Contract | • Include: <br>• A definition of what is expected to be on the team. <br>• Definition of how to address situations where group "rules" are not being followed. <br>• Ex: https://ohiostate.pressbooks.pub/feptechcomm/chapter/7-project-communications/
Team Intro Video | • A small 2.5 minute max video (mp4 or quicktime format) that introduces our team. <br> • Each TA will pick the best video of their group to show in class. This group will get some extra credit as incentive.
Team Page | • Markdown page for our team.<br> • Including brand items from above. <br>• Should have the following: Team name, brand, any values we think are important, and a roster of team members.<br>• Roster should provide brief overview of each member with a link to our personal Github pages.

## Discussion Items
Item | Notes |
---- | ---- |
Logo/Branding | - Logo is created just need to add the marinated bit. <br> - Colors will be Orange and White |
Group Contract | - Define our roles within a google doc before we do much else. <br> - Added our notes and worked together on the contract itself within the following [document](https://docs.google.com/document/d/13SVzLBKpPgVXYB_Qvq7e5EkFgwkrZ_szDeoQJMUA6HA/edit) <br> - Kevin will be formalizing the overall contract tonight and sending it out for the rest of us to sign. |
Team Page | - Everyone sent their personal page links to Grady. <br> - Grady will compile the overall page. |
Intro Video | - Template [here](https://docs.google.com/document/d/19PieeXcUiC3_T5czNC4k6s2yyen9TujLeSjFJWuGDpc/edit) for what you want to have overlayed over your image <br> -Send our individual pieces to Issac's email by tonight. |
Who Turns in the Group Assignments? | - Planner (Jesse) will for now until we decide on who will hold the Documentation role. 


## Action Items
| Done? | Item | Responsible | Due Date |
| ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- |
| | Team Page | Grady | 15 April 21 by 6pm |
| | Intro Video | Issac  | 15 April 21 by 6pm |
| | Group Contract | Kevin | 15 April 21 by 6pm |

## Other Notes & Information
N/A

**Time Ended:** 7:25pm