## Standup from 11 May 21

--- 

#### What did you work on since yesterday?
- (Angel) Implementing confetti, and a pop-up helper
- (Brian) I finished working on the ADR documentation.
- (Grady) I worked on the toggle symbol list yesterday
- (Issac) **Out of the office**
- (Jesse) Worked on starting up the continuous integration pipeline with Simon. Got a github workflow started to check for linting using semi-standard formatting.
- (Kevin) Worked on ADR
- (Simon) Investigate the CI/CD pipeline with Jesse
- (Steven) Finished pull request for notes, thinking about weekly/ monthly goals implementation 

#### What are you planning on working on today?
- (Angel) A bit on other classes, and on the above mentioned features
- (Brian) Might work on a CodePen.
- (Grady) I am planning to meet with the group later on
- (Issac) **Out of the office**
- (Jesse) Planning on working on the pipeline a bit more and attending class as well as Deepak's TA meeting after class.
- (Kevin) Meet up with deepak
- (Simon) Research further about the CI/CD pipeline, play around with the functionalities of it, and meet with Deepak
- (Steven) Meeting with deepak and team 

#### Are you stuck somewhere?
- (Angel) Not stuck, but trying to figure out the confetti thing
- (Brian) I am not stuck anywhere rn.
- (Grady) I am currently not stuck at all
- (Issac) **Out of the office**
- (Jesse) Not at this time. Just having fun learning more about the whole CI/CD pipeline situation cause there is an insane amount of material out there
- (Kevin) No
- (Simon) No, not yet
- (Steven) Nope