## Standup from 20 May 21

--- 

#### What did you work on since yesterday?
- (Angel) 
- (Brian) I worked on the navbar component some more and essentially polished it up with help from Issac, Grady, Kevin, and Jesse.
- (Grady) I worked on editing some components and merged it to staging
- (Issac) Worked on Weekly/Monthly Design component.
- (Jesse) Worked with Brian on restructuring our GitHub branches to clean things up. Met with the group in order to discuss Sprint 2. Caught everyone up with a full lint install on their local machines. Spent the rest of the day catching up on other classes.
- (Kevin) Met up with team, worked on the journal entry component with bullets
- (Simon) Attended the group meeting, met up with Jesse and Brian to go over some CI pipeline stuff as well as catchup on the progress of our project
- (Steven) 

#### What are you planning on working on today?
- (Angel) 
- (Brian) I plan on working more on polishing up some of the skeleton components before the Deepak Teams Meeting.
- (Grady) I was attending the deepak meeting and hearing the advices from Cora
- (Issac) Finish the Weekly/Monthly component.
- (Jesse) Plan on going to Deepak's large group meeting after class and working on starting to get Code Climate integrated within the workflow.
- (Kevin) Doing the lab, going to Deepak meetings and work on Bold/Italic stuff for journal entry
- (Simon) The lab, maybe research on Code quality integration and JSDoc generation
- (Steven) 

#### Are you stuck somewhere?
- (Angel) 
- (Brian) I am not stuck anywhere rn.
- (Grady) Nope
- (Issac) Stuck in the Javascript part, Brian will help me fix it.
- (Jesse) Not at this time. Just doing more research on the rest of the pipeline pieces before diving into actual implementation of them.
- (Kevin) A little on the customizing text, but should figure it out soon
- (Simon) No, not yet
- (Steven) 