## Standup from 25 May 21

--- 

#### What did you work on since yesterday?
- (Angel) Worked some times in the tags, but started working on my writing class towards the end of the day
- (Brian) I made more progress in the entry-editor.
- (Grady) I worked with Kevin for the text editor
- (Issac) I worked on CSS for the Weekly/Monthly module to make it look the most as I could to the high fidelity design the team made on Figma
- (Jesse) Integrated Code Climate however it's options did not allow for all branches to be monitored so I switched over to Codacy that does allow all branches to be checked for quality. Ended up getting the JSDoc generation within a GitHub action that also pushes to an outside public repo for hosting. (https://cujodocs.github.io/CuJoDocumentation/) Added Unit Testing to the GitHub action that runs on every push so now that push action will trigger a lint check and unit test check.
- (Kevin) I worked on the journal component with Grady, reviewed a pull request.
- (Simon) Worked on other classwork, met with Jesse to discuss about the Wiki and review pull requests
- (Steven) Worked on Lab, shoulder is feeling better, looking towards getting asynchronous work 

#### What are you planning on working on today?
- (Angel) A bit more in other classes, and attending class/meeting
- (Brian) I plan on finishing up the entry-editor and starting the storage.
- (Grady) I am planning to continue working on the text editor tonight and trying to implement the bullets symbol from the text editor to the menu symbols. Heads up, I can't attend the meeting with Deepak this evening because I need to pick up my brother at the airport.
- (Issac) I plan on adjusting my pull request to the correct branch, as well as to catch up with my team on this week's goals.
- (Jesse) Finishing up the second checkpoint of phase 1 of the pipeline. Hopefully merge all of the current testing additions into staging and also main.
- (Kevin) I plan on continue working on the same component (might start implementation system of bullets, but need team feedback first), and meet up with Deepak.
- (Simon) Finish the Wiki
- (Steven) Going to deepaks meeting, emergency happened so iâ€™m picking someone up at the airport during the meeting, most likely going to stay muted 

#### Are you stuck somewhere?
- (Angel) Not at the moment
- (Brian) I am not stuck anywhere.
- (Grady) Kind of stuck in the text editor on converting from codepen to web components but I'll try to work on it again.
- (Issac) I am not currently stuck anywhere.
- (Jesse) Not at this time
- (Kevin) Stuck on converting codepens to VSCode, but will try to get it to work today.
- (Simon) No, not yet
- (Steven) Not anything for this class related, only life issues 